(mellow guitar music)
All right, I think we've got our feet wet
with Reactive Programming and the Spring Framework.
Now, at this point of the project,
we've refactored to use the MongoDB reactive driver,
and we're going all the way up to the web layer.
Now, what's important now, is that web layer,
right now, we're still using a server locked container.
Guess what? So I said before, that server locked container
is blocking, so we need to refactor things.
The web tier, we've got a number of things
that we're gonna have to take care of
to get rid of the baggage
from the traditional Servlet container,
and we're gonna move over to the Reactive container.
So, we're still gonna stay on Tomcat,
but we need to use reactive features inside of Tomcat,
so we need to stop using those servlet API
which is blocking, which we do not want
and we're gonna get into that in the next chapter,
in the next section of this course.
For now, I kind of wanna split things up
because there's a lot of fun stuff I wanna show you
in the next section, but right now,
we really focused on the back end so we're going
from the database all the way up to controller layer,
all that's reactive.
So, we learned a lot in this section.
We saw a lot,
but there's a lot more to go.